[SignalR] Document client results (#25796)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/hubs.md

| <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.IHubClients%601.GroupExcept%2A> | Calls a method on all connections in the specified group, except the specified connections |
| <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.IHubClients%601.Groups%2A> | Calls a method on multiple groups of connections |
| <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.IHubCallerClients%601.OthersInGroup%2A> | Calls a method on a group of connections, excluding the client that invoked the hub method |

> | Single | calls a method on a specific connected client |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Single` | Calls a method on a specific connected client |
```

| <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.IHubClients%601.User%2A> | Calls a method on all connections associated with a specific user |
| <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.IHubClients%601.Users%2A> | Calls a method on all connections associated with the specified users |

Each property or method in the preceding tables returns an object with a `SendAsync` method. The `SendAsync` method receives the name of the client method to call and any parameters.

> The object returned by the `Single` method also contains an `InvokeAsync` method which can be used to wait for a [result from the client](xref:signalr/hubs#client-results).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object returned by the `Single` method also contains an `InvokeAsync` method, which can be used to wait for a [result from the client](xref:signalr/hubs#client-results).
```

> [!NOTE]
> The `Async` suffix isn't stripped from method names. Unless a client method is defined with `.on('MyMethodAsync')`, don't use `MyMethodAsync` as the name.

## Client results

> In addition to making calls to clients, the server can request a result from the client. This requires the server to use `ISingleClientProxy.InvokeAsync` and the client to return a result from their `.On` handler.

Reviewer: Going for number agreement on this one, plural "clients" throughout ...

```suggestion
In addition to making calls to clients, the server can request a result from clients. This requires the server to use `ISingleClientProxy.InvokeAsync` and the clients to return a result from their `.On` handlers.
```

Author: Using clients might convey that you can get results from multiple clients at a time with a single API, which isn't a supported scenario. I changed the text to say "the server can request a result from **a** client.". If you think it's better with "clients" still, or have a better alternative let me know.

> There are two ways to use the API on the server, the first is to call `Single(...)` on the `Clients` property in a Hub method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to use the API on the server, the first is to call `Single(...)` on the `Clients` property in a Hub method:
```

> ```csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```chsarp
```

public class ChatHub : Hub
{
    public async Task<string> WaitForMessage(string connectionId)
    {

>         var message = await Clients.Single(connectionId).InvokeAsync<string>("GetMessage");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        var message = await Clients.Single(connectionId).InvokeAsync<string>(
            "GetMessage");
```

        return message;
    }
}
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Currently using `InvokeAsync` from a Hub method requires setting the [MaximumParallelInvocationsPerClient](xref:signalr/configuration#configure-server-options) option to a value greater than 1.

Reviewer: Suggestion: I recommend tracking "currently" by a separate issue to circle around and update it later. Here, the text can just inform the reader.

```suggestion
> Using `InvokeAsync` from a Hub method requires setting the [`MaximumParallelInvocationsPerClient`](xref:signalr/configuration#configure-server-options) option to a value greater than 1.
```

> The second way is to call `Single(...)` on an instance of [`IHubContext<T>`](xref:signalr/hubcontext).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second way is to call `Single(...)` on an instance of [`IHubContext<T>`](xref:signalr/hubcontext):
```

> ```csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```csharp
```

async Task SomeMethod(IHubContext<MyHub> context)
{

>     string result = await context.Single(connectionID).InvokeAsync<string>("GetMessage");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    string result = await context.Single(connectionID).InvokeAsync<string>(
        "GetMessage");
```

}
```

Strongly-typed hubs can also return values from interface methods:

> ```csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```csharp
```

public interface IClient
{
    Task<string> GetMessage();
}

public class ChatHub : Hub<IClient>
{
    public async Task<string> WaitForMessage(string connectionId)
    {
        string message = await Clients.Single(connectionId).GetMessage();
        return message;
    }
}
```

> Clients return results in their `.On(...)` handlers as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients return results in their `.On(...)` handlers, as shown below:
```

#### .NET client

> ```csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```csharp
```

hubConnection.On("GetMessage", async () =>
{
    Console.WriteLine("Enter message:");
    var message = await Console.In.ReadLineAsync();
    return message;
});
```

> #### Typescript client

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Typescript client
```

> ```typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```typescript
```

hubConnection.on("GetMessage", async () => {
    let promise = new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
        setTimeout(() => {
            resolve("message");
        }, 100);
    });
    return promise;
});
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Client results do not work with the Azure SignalR Service currently.

Reviewer: Another case where "currently" is best tracked by an issue, and the text just conveys the info to the reader.

```suggestion
> Client results don't work with the Azure SignalR Service.
```

On this one (and the earlier "currently" case), I sometimes go with something like, 'This will be addressed in a future release.' Sometimes, I cross-link the PU issue or the docs issue, 'For more information, see [Blah blah blah (dotnet/aspnetcore #12345](... LINK ...).'

> [!NOTE]
> The `Async` suffix isn't stripped from method names. Unless a client method is defined with `.on('MyMethodAsync')`, don't use `MyMethodAsync` as the name.

## Client results

> In addition to making calls to clients, the server can request a result from a client. This requires the server to use `ISingleClientProxy.InvokeAsync` and the client to return a result from their `.On` handler.

Reviewer: Ok ... makes sense. How about this version that just goes from "their" to "its" ...

```suggeston
In addition to making calls to clients, the server can request a result from a client. This requires the server to use `ISingleClientProxy.InvokeAsync` and the client to return a result from its `.On` handler.
```

There are two ways to use the API on the server, the first is to call `Single(...)` on the `Clients` property in a Hub method:

```csharp
public class ChatHub : Hub
{
    public async Task<string> WaitForMessage(string connectionId)
    {
        var message = await Clients.Single(connectionId).InvokeAsync<string>(
            "GetMessage");
        return message;
    }
}
```

> [!NOTE]
> Using `InvokeAsync` from a Hub method requires setting the [`MaximumParallelInvocationsPerClient`](xref:signalr/configuration#configure-server-options) option to a value greater than 1.

> > This will be addressed in a future release. For more information, see [Support returning values from client invocations](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/5280).

Reviewer: Unless you want both lines in the same paragraph, it would need a line to get into a 2nd paragraph ...

```suggestion

> This will be addressed in a future release. For more information, see [Support returning values from client invocations](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/5280).
```

```csharp
async Task SomeMethod(IHubContext<MyHub> context)
{
    string result = await context.Single(connectionID).InvokeAsync<string>(
        "GetMessage");
}
```

Strongly-typed hubs can also return values from interface methods:

```csharp
public interface IClient
{
    Task<string> GetMessage();
}

public class ChatHub : Hub<IClient>
{
    public async Task<string> WaitForMessage(string connectionId)
    {
        string message = await Clients.Single(connectionId).GetMessage();
        return message;
    }
}
```

Clients return results in their `.On(...)` handlers, as shown below:

#### .NET client

```csharp
hubConnection.On("GetMessage", async () =>
{
    Console.WriteLine("Enter message:");
    var message = await Console.In.ReadLineAsync();
    return message;
});
```

#### Typescript client

```typescript
hubConnection.on("GetMessage", async () => {
    let promise = new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
        setTimeout(() => {
            resolve("message");
        }, 100);
    });
    return promise;
});
```

> [!NOTE]
> Client results don't work with the Azure SignalR Service.

> > This will be addressed in a future release. For more information, see [Support returning values from client invocations](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/5280).

Reviewer: Same here ...

```suggestion
>
> This will be addressed in a future release. For more information, see [Support returning values from client invocations](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/5280).
```

## Client results

In addition to making calls to clients, the server can request a result from a client. This requires the server to use `ISingleClientProxy.InvokeAsync` and the client to return a result from its `.On` handler.

There are two ways to use the API on the server, the first is to call `Single(...)` on the `Clients` property in a Hub method:

```csharp
public class ChatHub : Hub
{
    public async Task<string> WaitForMessage(string connectionId)
    {
        var message = await Clients.Single(connectionId).InvokeAsync<string>(
            "GetMessage");
        return message;
    }
}
```

> [!NOTE]
> Using `InvokeAsync` from a Hub method requires setting the [`MaximumParallelInvocationsPerClient`](xref:signalr/configuration#configure-server-options) option to a value greater than 1.
>
> This will be addressed in a future release. For more information, see [Support returning values from client invocations](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/5280).

The second way is to call `Single(...)` on an instance of [`IHubContext<T>`](xref:signalr/hubcontext):

```csharp
async Task SomeMethod(IHubContext<MyHub> context)
{

>     string result = await context.Single(connectionID).InvokeAsync<string>(

Author: ```suggestion
    string result = await context.Clients.Single(connectionID).InvokeAsync<string>(
```
